screen button1():
    imagebutton:
        xalign 0.5
        yalign 0.5
        auto "button_%s.png" action [ToggleScreen("button1"), Jump("shop1")]
# The game starts here.
label start:
    label tutorial:
        scene black
        pause 5.0
        show text "Tutorial" with dissolve
        pause 1.0
        hide text with fade
        scene brain
        # shop bg, shop bg music, tate sprite on screen
        #fade in mc sprite
        show tate at right with dissolve
        tate "If you want to learn how to rizz, you gotta know one thing."
        tate "The way to a man's heart is . . ."
        tate "FOOD."
        mci "What kinda dream am I conjuring up rn?"
        tate "Also go make me a sandwich."
        mc "Hell no."
        tate "Go buy one yourself then."
        tate "Click here to go to the store, baka."

        ## put a button to go shop here.
       
        scene black
        call screen button1
    label shop1:
        quan "Welcome to the Gyattalicious Store, can I help you with anything?"
        mcn "You snap out of your thoughts, cursing Andrew Tate."
        mc "Oh um in a moment."
        mci "Uhhhhh, what should I buy?"
        # tate sprite pops up
        tate "You can buy stuff to increase your Brainrot Gauge with the person you like . . ."
        tate "These items are in your inventory after they're bought, and you can gift them any day."
        tate "But sometimes you may need an item to make certain choices!"
        tate "Be careful not to get cockblocked by being broke cuz."
        mc "Wait I'm kinda broke rn though."
        tate "I'll give you +100 gyatt coins, test it out."
        $ gyatt_coins = gyatt_coins +100
        tate "Don't fanum tax anything."
        mc "Thanks for the gyatt."
        jump rizz_room
        label rizz_room:
            scene black
            pause 5.0
            show text "You have entered the rizz room" with dissolve
            pause 1.0
            hide text with fade
            tate "This is the rizz room, where you can later rizz up the senpai you like."
            tate "And your inventory is where your items are."
            tate "The things you buy can be used to increase Brainrot."
            mc "But how do I get more gyatt coins?"
            tate " Later on, every day, you'll earn gyatt coins if you say or do the thing with most aura."
            tate "Like complimenting the person you like"
            tate "Or mastering the Ohio rizzler life"
            tate "Or even saying something like 'I like your cut g'"
            tate "Ok, now lets get back to the real world."
            #sfx police siren noices
            tate "What do you think about women? I think they belong in the house, can't drive, and are a man's propert-HEY STOP don't arrest me right now."
            jump shop2

    label shop2:
        scene black
        pause 5.0
        show text "You are back in the shop." with dissolve
        pause 1.0
        hide text with fade
        mc "I can't stop thinking about Chill Guy's gaze"
        # BGM SHIMMY YA SHIMMY YUA
        # sfX ITS QUANDALE here
        quan "Welcome to the Gyattalicious Convenience Store!"
        quan "The more gyatt you got, the more goated you get."
        quan "Show me the gyatt coins!"
        mcn "Should I buy something?"
        label back10:
            menu:
                "Fortnite Battle Pass (100 GYATT COINS)":
                    mcn "For a poggers gaming time"
                    mcn "+5 Brainrot All"
                    jump back10
                "John Pork Plushie (100 GYATT COINS)":
                    mcn "Would you answer though?"
                    mcn "+5 Brainrot All"
                    jump back10
                "Goated With The Sauce x2 (150 GYATT COINS)":
                    mcn "Fanum taxed, whopper flavored delicacy."
                    mcn "+10 Brainrot All"
                    jump back10
                "Sigma Meal Skibidi Slicers and Grimace Shake Meal (400 GYATT COINS)":
                    mcn "3AM midnight snack personally delivered by the smurf cat."
                    # sfx we live we love we lie
                    jump back10
                "Lunchly Poem (650 GYATT COINS)":
                    mcn "I like my cheese drippy. Become a rizzard of oz and serenade your favorite skibidi rizzler."
                    mcn "I saw a salmon fella\nwho was a monster yeller\nyelling about salmonella"
                    mcn "as he pooped into an umbrella\nafter eating the mozzarella\nfrom a lunchly."
                    mcn "+15 Brainrot All for next 5 mins (stackable)"
                    mcn "Successfully induced brain controlling mold to up your rizz points."
                    jump back10
                "Bing Chilling (300 GYATT COINS)":
                    mcn "A simply icy dessert made the ocky way."
                    mcn "+20 Brainrot All\n+30 Brainrot Chill Guy"
                    jump back10
                "Cherry Blossom Sprinkler (450 GYATT COINS)":
                    mcn "Call a meta meme cyclone to sprinkle flowers over your date."
                    mcn "+30 Brainrot All\n+45 Brainrot Chill Guy"
                    jump back10
                "Full-Black Ebony Hairbrush (200 GYATT COINS)":
                    mcn "Aggressively brush ur hair to cover your eyes, and woo your senpai wuth your sterling silver gaze."
                    mcn "+10 Brainrot All\n+20 Brainrot Edgemund"
                    jump back10
                "Emo Cross Y2K Silver Chain (450 GYATT COINS)":
                    mcn "Ward off any negative aura. Perfect for removing that aura debt and captivating passerbys with your sugar daddy energy. (Stackable)"
                    mcn "+30 BrainRot All\n+45 Brainrot Edgemund"
                    jump back10
                "I think that's enough shopping":
                    mci "I need to wake up for school."
                    jump day2
